Add insights page (#10213)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/insights/index.mdx

---
title: Insights
sidebar_order: 45
description: Sentry's Insights modules provide curated views and workflows to help you identify and fix performance issues faster.
---

> 
> Sentry surfaces insights that can help you identify opportunities at the service-level to improve various parts of your app's performance, including web vitals, mobile vitals, queries, and more. Modules living under Insights provide both an overview of how your project is performing in that category and the ability to drill down into traces to get to the root cause of any problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Sentry surfaces insights that can help you identify opportunities at the service-level to improve various parts of your app's performance, including web vitals, mobile vitals, queries, and more. Modules living under the Insights heading provide both an overview of how your project is performing in that category and the ability to drill down into traces to get to the root cause of a problem.
```
